** WAR STARS **
by Darcy Harun

JSON Data from Darius Kazemi's corpora project

Project 1: A Night at the Movies -- CART 263
-My project (hopefully) is obviously inspired by the STAR WARS franchise films.
The idea for a asteroid dodging game came from my love of the X-wing fighter
ship and my interest in game design.

I first started with the star background. At this point, I had not come up with
the idea for asteroids, so I needed a way to convey movement and space. The
effect I used was a parallax effect. I made a starfield that reacts to mouse
movement at random speeds to create the illusion of depth. Starfields aren't
terribly realistic but they provide much needed reference to movement in space.

With how the starfield works, it made perfect sense to place a ship in the
middle of the screen. The Atari game Asteroids inspired me to make asteroids the
antagonists of the game. As a kid I thought of asteroids as a fitting, but
abstract enemy to be fighting in a game.

At first I went with only dodging asteroids because I thought it would be easier
to do than shooting them. But as I thought about it, I found the dodging to be
very fitting because I've never seen anyone shoot an asteroid in STAR WARS. I
also think there are many other games about blasting things to bits.

When watching STAR WARS, asteroid field flying is always an exciting part of the
movies. It really shows off the graceful swim-like maneuverability of
starfighters.

Part of the danger in those scenes is that you never know what is coming next.
I wanted my asteroids to as unpredictable and dangerous as in the films.

I really like using JSON data because you can insert a little 'warmth' into a
project. I love some cold hard numbers and if statements, but there is something
comforting about being able to generate things that seem more human.

The reason why I wanted to use JSON in this project is because I want to be able
to insert a bit of You in the world(universe) of STAR WARS. For me, being even a
small character in that universe is the coolest thing to me. As a writer I also
find character creation and worldbuilding to be extremely satisfying.
